.TH "cpufreq-set" "1" "0.1" "Mattia Dongili" ""
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
cpufreq\-set \- A small tool which allows to modify cpufreq settings.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
cpufreq\-set [\fIoptions\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
cpufreq\-set allows you to modify cpufreq settings without having to type e.g. "/sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/scaling_set_speed" all the time.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-c\fR \fB\-\-cpu\fR <CPU>
number of CPU where cpufreq settings shall be modified.
.TP 
\fB\-d\fR \fB\-\-min\fR <FREQ>
new minimum CPU frequency the governor may select.
.TP 
\fB\-u\fR \fB\-\-max\fR <FREQ>
new maximum CPU frequency the governor may select.
.TP 
\fB\-g\fR \fB\-\-governor\fR <GOV>
new cpufreq governor.
.TP 
\fB\-f\fR \fB\-\-freq\fR <FREQ>
specific frequency to be set. Requires userspace governor to be available and loaded.
.TP 
\fB\-h\fR \fB\-\-help\fR
Prints out the help screen.
.SH "REMARKS"
.LP 
Omitting the \-c or \-\-cpu argument is equivalent to setting it to zero.
.br 
The \-f FREQ, \-\-freq FREQ parameter cannot be combined with any other parameter except the \-c CPU, \-\-cpu CPU parameter.
.br 
FREQuencies can be passed in Hz, kHz (default), MHz, GHz, or THz by postfixing the value with the wanted unit name, without any space (FREQuency in kHz =^ Hz * 0.001 =^ MHz * 1000 =^ GHz * 1000000).
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI/sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq/\fP 
.br 
\fI/proc/cpufreq\fP (deprecated) 
.br 
\fI/proc/sys/cpu/\fP (deprecated) 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Dominik Brodowski <linux@brodo.de> \- author
.br 
Mattia Dongili<malattia@gmail.com> \- first autolibtoolization
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cpufreq\-info(1)
